oh that was glorious you can see the
tongue flickering on the air
it's drew long back into that classic S
shape which gives it the possibility to
extend to strike let's focus on the
balloon
[Applause]
Wow
that is absolutely unbelievable where
it's a very very short strike but you
could see as the mouth opened the sheath
that covered the fangs being exposed
they're very very long those fangs and
really act like tiny stiletto daggers
and they have just knifed into the
balloon and for a fraction of a second
the water is just hanging there in one
place if that was man will pray it would
have carried it on be pumping the venom
into its body and then it retreats it
lets it go
[Music]